updates and consolidation of hiring guidelines (#342)
src-d/guide: talent/application-process.md

- Every developer who passes the first interview should complete a coding challenge remotely.

> - Coding challenge is currently available in Go, Python, JavaScript, Ruby, C++, Scala and Java. Other languages can be requested and we will consider the possibility of adding them.

Reviewer: "The coding" sounds better English

- We are expecting the solution either in a private Gist or in an attached file.

- The main point being reviewed is the correctness of the solution, however we do check the complexity and code style.

- For the Machine Learning team, there is an additional ML task that needs to be solved in the time limit of 5 hours. 

- The results are reviewed by the engineering team and feedback is given to the developer as soon as possible.

### Final Round of Interviews

- Every developer who successfully solves the coding challenge is invited to the remaining interviews at our offices in Madrid. Remote interviews are also possible.

- It might last a full day or be split across two consecutive half-days, depending on the availability of the developer.

- This is the last step during which it's decided if the developer will receive an offer or not.

The interviews consist of the following:

- Kickoff with VP of Engineering (60min): to get to know the developer better.

- Design interview (90min): to see how the developer would design a solution to a given technical problem working with several of our engineers.

> * Q&A (60min): to know the developer better. Two interviewers should participate; one from the team that the developer is being interviewed for, and one from any other engineering or non engineering team (eg. Product, Talent). Duration 60'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Q&A (60min): to get to know the developer better. Two interviewers should participate; one from the team that the developer is being interviewed for, and one from any other engineering or non-engineering team (eg. Product, Talent). Duration 60'.
```

- Logical thinking (60min): to see how the developer solves an abstract problem in a logical way.

- In the case of rejection, the developer should be notified in person on the day by the lead of the corresponding team. This should be a constructive discussion giving the developer as much insight as possible. 

### Offer

> - The offer is sent by our CTO through Lever.

Reviewer: I'm happy to take this over but just depends how you guys want to do it

- The developer has no time deadline to accept/reject the offer. In cases where we have a limited number of open positions for a role, and a larger number of people we'd like to make an offer to, a time limit is given.

### Diversity and Remote

- At source{d} we believe that amazing talent should not be constrained by physical barriers. Our multinational and multicultural team shares a culture of openness and excellence and passion for programming.

> - At the moment, we are 25+ people from 10 different countries working closely together from our office in Madrid (Spain). We are more than happy to sponsor you a visa and guide you and your family through the whole process if you decide to come to work from our office, but you may also choose to work remotely. Currently, we have remote team members in USA, Portugal, Ireland, France, Belgium, Poland, Estonia and Russia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At the moment, we have more than 25 people from 10 different countries working closely together from our office in Madrid (Spain) and across Europe & the USA. We are more than happy to help with Visa sponsorship and guide you and your family through the whole process if you decide to come to work from our office, but you may also choose to work remotely. Currently, we have remote team members in USA, Portugal, Ireland, France, Belgium, Poland, Estonia and Russia.
```
